# Card

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | Option<**String**> | Unique ID for this card. Generated by Square. | [optional][readonly]
**card_brand** | Option<[**models::CardBrand**](CardBrand.md)> |  | [optional]
**last_4** | Option<**String**> | The last 4 digits of the card number. | [optional][readonly]
**exp_month** | Option<**i64**> | The expiration month of the associated card as an integer between 1 and 12. | [optional]
**exp_year** | Option<**i64**> | The four-digit year of the card's expiration date. | [optional]
**cardholder_name** | Option<**String**> | The name of the cardholder. | [optional]
**billing_address** | Option<[**models::Address**](Address.md)> |  | [optional]
**fingerprint** | Option<**String**> | Intended as a Square-assigned identifier, based on the card number, to identify the card across multiple locations within a single application. | [optional][readonly]
**customer_id** | Option<**String**> | **Required** The ID of a [customer](entity:Customer) to be associated with the card. | [optional]
**merchant_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the merchant associated with the card. | [optional][readonly]
**reference_id** | Option<**String**> | An optional user-defined reference ID that associates this card with another entity in an external system. For example, a customer ID from an external customer management system. | [optional]
**enabled** | Option<**bool**> | Indicates whether or not a card can be used for payments. | [optional][readonly]
**card_type** | Option<[**models::CardType**](CardType.md)> |  | [optional]
**prepaid_type** | Option<[**models::CardPrepaidType**](CardPrepaidType.md)> |  | [optional]
**bin** | Option<**String**> | The first six digits of the card number, known as the Bank Identification Number (BIN). Only the Payments API returns this field. | [optional][readonly]
**version** | Option<**i64**> | Current version number of the card. Increments with each card update. Requests to update an existing Card object will be rejected unless the version in the request matches the current version for the Card. | [optional]
**card_co_brand** | Option<[**models::CardCoBrand**](CardCoBrand.md)> |  | [optional]
**issuer_alert** | Option<[**models::CardIssuerAlert**](CardIssuerAlert.md)> |  | [optional]
**issuer_alert_at** | Option<**String**> | The timestamp of when the current issuer alert was received and processed, in RFC 3339 format.  This field is present only if there's an active issuer alert. | [optional][readonly]
**hsa_fsa** | Option<**bool**> | Indicates whether the card is linked to a Health Savings Account (HSA) or Flexible Spending Account (FSA), based on the card BIN. | [optional][readonly]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


