# PaymentRefund

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID for this refund, generated by Square. | 
**status** | Option<**String**> | The refund's status: - `PENDING` - Awaiting approval. - `COMPLETED` - Successfully completed. - `REJECTED` - The refund was rejected. - `FAILED` - An error occurred. | [optional]
**location_id** | Option<**String**> | The location ID associated with the payment this refund is attached to. | [optional]
**unlinked** | Option<**bool**> | Flag indicating whether or not the refund is linked to an existing payment in Square. | [optional][readonly]
**destination_type** | Option<**String**> | The destination type for this refund.  Current values include `CARD`, `BANK_ACCOUNT`, `WALLET`, `BUY_NOW_PAY_LATER`, `CASH`, `EXTERNAL`, and `SQUARE_ACCOUNT`. | [optional]
**destination_details** | Option<[**models::DestinationDetails**](DestinationDetails.md)> |  | [optional]
**amount_money** | [**models::Money**](Money.md) |  | 
**app_fee_money** | Option<[**models::Money**](Money.md)> |  | [optional]
**processing_fee** | Option<[**Vec<models::ProcessingFee>**](ProcessingFee.md)> | Processing fees and fee adjustments assessed by Square for this refund. | [optional]
**payment_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the payment associated with this refund. | [optional]
**order_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the order associated with the refund. | [optional]
**reason** | Option<**String**> | The reason for the refund. | [optional]
**created_at** | Option<**String**> | The timestamp of when the refund was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional][readonly]
**updated_at** | Option<**String**> | The timestamp of when the refund was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional][readonly]
**team_member_id** | Option<**String**> | An optional ID of the team member associated with taking the payment. | [optional][readonly]
**terminal_refund_id** | Option<**String**> | An optional ID for a Terminal refund. | [optional][readonly]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


